Update Readme.md (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/how-to-bind-a-pivotgrid-to-an-ms-access-database-programmatically-e2118: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/E2118)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

# How to: Bind a PivotGrid to an MS Access Database at Runtime

> The following example demonstrates how to bind the Pivot Grid control to a `SalesPerson` view in the **nwind.mdb** database, that comes with the installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example demonstrates how to bind the Pivot Grid control to a `SalesPerson` view in the **nwind.mdb** database included with the installation.
```
